Subtitles and audio translation will begin later. Please wait for the official start of the video.
Good evening, family. Thank you for joining us again today.
Let's go ahead and get right into the news. We're going to pray.
We have a lot to pray about tonight, but we'll pray and see where the Holy Spirit leads us to intercede for the nation.
I cannot go into a lot of what I was shown last night because of what the Holy Spirit said.
If you were a part of that prayer video, there is a lot to this, but it's concerning the safety of this nation and a major storm.
I'll say that concerning where we will be in the next couple of months as a nation: how we pray about President Trump's safety, the cabinet, the judges, and our law enforcement.
We have a job to do as the body of Christ. I truly believe God has assembled some of the greatest prayer warriors this generation has ever seen before for such a time as this.
Just for this channel alone, I'm believing that he's bringing all the prayer warriors—the ones that are mature and the ones that are learning.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you, for many hands make light work. I still go back to the 18th.
There's something about the 18th, which was Saturday, that was very significant, which is why the Lord pinpointed and circled it on the map. He said, "The 18th is a very significant day.
You need to pray over this day."Well, we saw four major shootings and things like that across the world, but as I've prayed, I said, "Lord, was that it?"No, there's much more about the 18th that you don't know that you were praying about that was very significant.
Now, I want you to really think about this because that day shook me inside as I interceded all night on the 17th going into the 18th.
When we got to the 18th that evening, I told Diana, "I feel such a heaviness. There's something about this day.
I just can't shake it."At that time, I didn't know if it was about the young girls at Coachella, praying for sex trafficking and protection for these kids for a mass shooting event or something.
Even today, praying over the Boston Marathon, it went without a hitch.
There was no—from what I can see—even an inkling of any kind of attack or terrorist plot.
I prayed for countless hours for the safety of the runners and for the marathon to go, and I'm so thankful that we didn't see anything.
I still feel an urgency inside; it didn't scratch the itch. There's something more to what we're hearing and what we're seeing.
As we come up against the 20th, what is truly going on underneath the surface of everything?
It's something that we are not seeing; it's something behind closed doors. This is a lot bigger than what you'll ever realize.
As I came to it last night and we were interceding for the nations—interceding for President Trump specifically and the decisions he's making concerning Iran in the next 48 hours for Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday—praying for this next bit of time for all of us to come together and pray over this.
I want to show you what we have learned today that goes along with what the Lord showed us about the 18th.
These are people that Braden found. Now, I want to correct this: we were wrong about the cartel and the leader of the cartel.
There's a lot of people saying, "Brandon, you read the article wrong."So we're back to the drawing board praying for these leaders of the cartel.
It doesn't take away from the vision of what the Lord showed us; it's just premature, the article saying it was a car and whoever it was was taken out in the car.
All I know is the Lord said in visions in the past that there will be cartel leaders driving down the road and they'll be eliminated by mercenaries and by our Navy SEAL-type men, and that there will be great confusion in the cartel.
Are we there yet? Obviously, maybe not. But it doesn't mean it's not coming.
I know in my spirit and in my opinion that the Lord is going to deliver the trafficking of these children and the drug smuggling in these areas, and the children will be saved.
I stand behind what I pray. I'm praying that God is going to set these kids free.
The anger of the Lord is on those that touch the children, trafficking them across the border into this highway of perversion.
I believe with all my heart the Lord's not going to stand by idly and just watch that happen.
We're standing, praying for them to be caught. This has gone on long enough.
So, I'm still believing that regardless if the cartel leaders were taken out now, they will be.
The other part was Stargate and the things we saw last night. There's a lot of dark stuff there.
I don't like going down that dark path; it's heavy and demonic.
But I want to show you what was said in meetings about the 18th.
Play this little clip, Braden. Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson. Listen to what this former CIA analyst says about the 18th.
There was a report that they had an emergency meeting Saturday night.
One report coming out of that meeting at the White House is that Trump wanted to use the nuclear codes and General Dan Caine stood up and said no.
He invoked his privilege as the head of the military, so to speak. It was apparently quite a blowup.
There are pictures of Keane coming out of that meeting with his head down. There are some very bizarre things going on in DC.
Supposedly rumored by this man and others that President Trump was thinking about using nuclear options against Iran.
This man right here, this general, stood against him and they had a huge argument.
He's leaving the White House after the meeting. Now, that's the rumor.
Like I said, a rumor. You don't know what to believe. I think it's interesting.
It's the 18th. The Lord said this is a very significant day concerning Iran.
The things to pray for concerning major events: a storm. Remember, I kept saying, "I see a storm coming.
A major storm. What is this?"And this general is walking out of the meeting.
They say he's walking away and him and Trump just had an argument. That's who that man's talking about right there.
I think it's interesting as we continue to pray for President Trump's mind and the decisions that he makes concerning Iran.
Now, this is what I think is interesting: what you're going to hear next.
These are supposedly codes that are nuclear. Well, how they picked up on this, listen.
"All stations, this is Break 3-4 Whiskey India Victor, standby 3-4 Whiskey India Victor G5."Supposedly, these are some kind of codes given to our nuclear subs and planes.
Do you remember when I told you I saw, by the spirit of the Lord, sniffers?
And they were flying out of Miami, and I saw them flying over Cuba and other areas trying to sniff out things that were not supposed to be there. They were patrolling Cuba.
They were patrolling these areas and I even saw them on certain landmarks in the United States of America looking for backpacks, briefcases, things.
And the Lord specifically said, "Pray about the sniffers."I saw sniffers and it was weird because I saw planes with big noses, which is symbolic.
It looked like a big nose, like a human nose on a plane sniffing out things that were radioactive.
And the Lord said, "Pray for this."Now, I want to go back to what the Lord showed us coming over that was a boat that looked like a cargo boat that had a red bottom and a black top with a white hull, like a white captain's area.
Inside of this area was something the Lord told us to pray over back in 2023.
We saw a boat that had an explosive device in it that was planted, and I've brought this up several times as the Lord keeps reminding me of surprise Trojan-like attacks when you least expect it.
Don't underestimate your enemy. And I keep seeing a dirty thing inside of an oil tanker that would be set off trying to hurt us as we accepted it into America.
Now, we have a lot of boats coming into America right now, and we have a lot of people picking up oil.
And I saw this boat. I keep seeing this boat as a Trojan horse. It has something in it.
And they brought it in and they set this thing off and it was very bad. Radioactive inside a harbor. I've talked about this.
You can go in there; it even has barrels and it's one of my first videos I ever put out here.
It's one of the visions that the Lord gave me telling you all you must pray over a Trojan horse with a boat with red, black, and white.
And I saw this. It was very clear about some kind of attack against America on American soil.
Now that was way before all this was ever thought about. I mean, it's 2023.
Was this November of 2023? Yeah. I mean, it was a long time ago.
And I thought, "How is this ever going to come about?"But I saw the crew on the boat all eliminated execution-style on the boat that was taken over in the middle of the water and they couldn't get anybody to come and help them.
They were all on there. There was one man, there was a group of men, probably three men that went in kind of like a 9/11 style, and they executed each one of the crew members, and then they used themselves like a vest.
Jihad. Thank you, son. Jihad. They use jihad on a boat. A massive ship. I'm going to call it a boat.
People say, "Brian, you know the difference between a boat and a ship."Well, I'm from the country; I don't know nothing about boats and ships.
I know about little canoes and things we fish on in the lake. So, forgive me for not being educated on your boats and your ships.
A ship. A massive ship. I call everything a boat, but you know, a ship like that.
You see it? Do you see that right there? That's the kind of boat, that's the kind of ship I saw.
Red, black, white. Do you remember that? Just like that. Red, black, white.
I keep telling you all it has something in the middle of it. A boat, ship, whatever.
Now, I want you to hear what happened today. We've got to be praying about this stuff. Go ahead.
"It's almost a thousand feet long and weighs as much as an aircraft carrier, and it's been under U.S.
and European sanctions. It was up to no good. The Tuska was traveling from China.
The Washington Post says it was loaded with dual-use chemicals used to manufacture ballistic missiles.
Beijing just got caught doing us dirty and Trump will make them pay.
The U.S. Navy's already turned around 27 ships. We only had to light up one runner.
United States warship 115, you are entering the area of a military blockade.
This blockade of Iranian ports will be enforced and applies to all vessels regardless of flag.
Any vessel that intends to enter or exit an Iranian port will be subject to the right of visit and search in accordance with international law.
If you attempt to run the blockade, we will compel compliance with force.
Over."The president says he's maintaining the blockade until the mullahs sign the deal. Guided missile destroyers have Iran in a chokehold.
Carrying a fleet of Seahawk helicopters is the USS Pinckney, named after a highly decorated Black World War II naval officer.
The USS Rushmore, a dock landing ship, is also on blockade duty. Sailors on board have been testing out some new toys.
Our Apaches are also flying fast and low over Hormuz on patrol and ready for action.
The Navy is deploying mine-hunting robots, basically sea drones that scan the bottom of the ship.
Submarines. When you showed me and you said, "Hey, Daddy, did you see this?"Yeah, it was this.
So then the mountain, son. Go back, the mountain. Keep going.
Right there. Play that. That is Iran has enough uranium for 11 nuclear devices. It's underneath the ground.
When the Lord showed us the mountain, and I even told you all where it was when we were interceding together, and I said, "I see the mountain.
It's underneath the ground."All this uranium, all this stuff—I called it plutonium—this stuff to make a nuclear device is deep underneath the ground.
And I kept telling you, I said, "I'm seeing this,"and I see one that they have perfected.
There's one missile that's black that they want to use on Israel.
They have saved this thing for Israel and it has the payload capacity of Hiroshima.
This is one thing. And they were talking back and forth to the scientists, remember?
And I said I could hear them in English and they said, "We've never tested it, but we believe it will work.
We have one missile to take out Israel. We have an opportunity with one.
We believe it will work."And they were arguing back and forth.
"Is it time? Does this line up with Islamic prophecy?"I can hear them. And they were talking about the Quran.
They were talking about their prophets and what they believe to bring forth the Mahdi.
And one said, "Do you believe we're there? Do you believe it's time to annihilate the Great Satan?
Is it time to annihilate Israel? Is it time to do this to release the hidden cells in America?"And they were coming up with a plan.
And I could hear them underneath the ground. The Lord allowed me to go there.
Now, I want you to hear this. You have the map right here. Now, play that.
I want you to hear what this man says. Go ahead. "970 lbs of 60% highly-enriched uranium."What can you do with that?
That is enough material, if you enrich it just a little bit more, for 10 to 11 nuclear bombs.
The New York Times reports that American airstrikes "crippled the Iranian nuclear program and attacks have left their nuclear facilities in ruins,"and their uranium remains buried deep under mountains of rubble.
But after imploding their nuke sites, we caught the Iranians rushing to fortify Pickaxe Mountain in tunnels 2,000 feet deeper than Fordow, impervious to bunker busters.
That piece of intelligence is what convinced President Trump that the regime wasn't abandoning their nuclear program.
So, he launched Operation Epic Fury. The president knows that strikes won't be enough.
That means the US military is going to have to either go in under enemy fire, go deep, and deal with the uranium, or we do a deal and go down deep with the enemy and deal with it.
This is tough stuff. Here is Central Command's former deputy commander.
"Listen, it's high risk. You have to occupy territory. You have to force your way in.
So all those risks are inherent in that operation. But we can do it.
The most prevalent threat is their abilities then to respond with drones, kinetic drones, maybe whatever's left in their inventory of missiles.
That's your real threat to your time on the ground in the force."Would you expect casualties in an operation like this?
"Sure. You have to plan for that."The president's acknowledged the chance of casualties but would much rather do a deal.
We've done it before. In the '90s, the US military conducted a secret extraction in Kazakhstan. Project Sapphire was the first of its kind.
Three massive C-5 Galaxy cargo planes were dispatched to Kazakhstan carrying 31 specialists from the Departments of Defense and Energy.
The teams brought 450 drums built to transport nuclear cargo, strong enough to survive a plane crash.
And the whole thing was covert under the cover of a humanitarian mission.
It was all done in utmost secrecy. A team of over 30 people working for about five or six weeks.
Right. So this is kind of what that mountain is—what I saw. That mountain is deep down, 2,000 feet.
That's a long way, huh? Yes. So, beyond bunker-busting capability.
I said I saw troops. I said our special ops, our Navy SEALs, our Delta Force.
I'm telling you, these are the ones I said we must pray for. I saw two angels concerning this facility.
I saw two angels and the Lord said, "Pray for angels'aid and assistance concerning this facility and what's underneath it before they try to move this stuff again.
Before they try to get rid of it, you know, relocate."Why? What did I tell you?
I saw train tracks that went from here across way over to another area.
They could move at will on these boxcars that were underground that went for miles away from this facility.
So, you had to have the right intel of where it was at the right time.
I heard different things and that's what the Lord warned us: pray for the intelligence they're receiving to be accurate because you could have this guy saying this and that guy saying that. I saw different reports.
I won't tell you how many I saw that were different, saying it's here or it's there, but there was only one that was accurate and the Lord said, "Pray for that one."I said, "Pray for the one, for the one is accurate."The Lord said, "The others are wrong, but the one is right."I saw these voices were the loudest, but the one that was quiet was their accurate voice.
There was one that was really dominant trying to say, "I know it's here."And they were wrong.
And then I heard the one in the middle. The Lord said, "Pray for the one in the middle."And I heard it so clear.
The one in the middle was passive. It wasn't as bold as the one on the right, not as bold as the one on the left.
But I heard the voice and the Lord said, "Pray for accuracy that they would hear it because it will cost people their lives.
It will cost these men their lives."And I saw them going into a booby trap. Okay.
So, we continued to pray because this is what the Lord showed us ahead of time before the news got it.
Remember, we are the news. They come and get news from us because Jesus is wanting to help them.
So, we give all glory to him. Keep going. Do you remember I said I saw the 1970s?
US gas prices are up 47% since December and inflation is nearing 4%, a similar path to the 1970s.
The world has now experienced its biggest energy crisis in history with 600 million barrels of lost oil supply. And I told you what I saw concerning that.
I saw the antisemitism and I saw gas lines that were worse than the 1970s, and they lined up for a mile down the road trying to get gas in certain places in America in the days ahead.
I saw that they could not get gas. Why? I don't know. Maybe because of stuff like this.
Do you see this? Thirty tons of oil has exploded at the West District heating plant in Romania.
It went off today. Now, do you think that's a coincidence? I'm just saying, folks.
I'm trying to tell you these sabotages, these black swan events of these facilities of oil all of a sudden just going up in flames and exploding out of nowhere.
Have we ever seen this before? All of a sudden, all these major refineries just casually going up in flames.
I never paid attention to it before, so I can't say it's never happened before because I'm just more alert to it. And so is Braden because we're looking for it.
Maybe this has happened a lot, but I don't ever remember in anything that we've ever seen that all these major oil refineries and heating plants and things like this with 30 tons of oil exploded.
That's a lot of oil. Thirty tons all went, and then a massive fire broke out in a refinery in India.
A massive refinery in India went up. Just a coincidence, I guess. What did the Lord say to us?
He said, "You must pray over your refineries in America."He said, "For they're about to be targeted.
Pray over Tuttle. Pray over Houston. Pray over Louisiana. Pray over your ports. Pray for drone attacks. Pray for sabotage.
For I saw even our major oil wells in the Gulf would go up and our pipelines."And the Lord said, "Pray over these."Do you remember all that?
And now all this is happening in these areas. India and all these—play the man yelling at the guy, "Please don't shoot at me."Remember that in the boat?
He said, "We're turning around. We're turning around."I thought that was interesting.
Are you talking about—wait, I'm sorry, is it this one? Yeah, maybe it was.
It was the guy from India because they're shooting at the Indian people, the Indian country.
And I thought that was interesting. But okay. And then the other part was you showed me that.
Beginning, I remember right now. How long is this? Thirty minutes.
Okay. We did good. We tried. Go ahead and let Jesse Watters talk one more time.
"Without a deal Wednesday in prime time,"he says, "lots of bombs start going off. These Iranians are squirrely.
On Friday they said the strait was open and Saturday they shot up two Indian ships.
Here's one of the captains begging for mercy. Listen: Iranian Navy, you gave me clearance.
You gave me clearance to go. Iranian Navy. This is Moangasan Herald.
You gave me clearance to go. My name is second on your list. You gave me clearance to go.
You are firing now. Let me turn back."The president says Iran violated the truce.
They got a little cute, as they have been doing for 47 years, and nobody ever took them on.
We took them on. They have no navy. They have no air force. They have no leaders.
They have no nothing. Actually, their leaders are part of regime change.
You call that enforced regime change. But it's gonna happen one more time.
They wanted to close up the Strait again, you know, as they've been doing for years, and they can't blackmail us.
The Iranians even tested the US Navy. We confronted a blockade runner in the Arabian Sea.
After a warning shot, we fired on it. Motor vessel, motor vessel, vacate your engine room.
Vacate your engine room. We're prepared to subject you to disabling fire. They still didn't listen.
So, our guided missile destroyer, the USS France, blew a hole in her engine room, stopped her cold.
Marines choppered in, rappelled onto the deck, and took her over.
The president says, "We have full custody and are seeing what's on board."It's an Iranian cargo ship carrying stuff to make missiles coming from China.
So, China's helping them out secretly. China's helping out Iran secretly.
And this is what the Lord was warning us about with Taiwan and all the things that the Lord has told us about Taiwan standing up.
I saw Kim Jong Un and China devising a plan of how to take the chips, what their plan was. So, there's underground deals going on.
And I saw planes flying in the middle of the night giving them aid that were secret back before we struck them.
And I said, there's certain kinds of capabilities that China's trying to give them, right?
And so, it looks like they're trying to help them make missiles.
So, I just think it's interesting what the Lord has given us, what the Lord has been telling us and how we've been praying for America, praying for our protection, praying now for the protection of this nation.
We have May, June, July, August, September, October, November is the elections.
Praying for what I see coming, a storm. We must continue to pray.
We have a lot of work to do. And so, I think that's it, right? Japan.
And then there, oh, Japan. Okay. So, the Lord warned us about a major earthquake coming to Japan.
And I saw it was toward the tip, right where it hit, but it was toward the middle.
And it shook so much that it looked like it was going to break the island in half.
Now, that did not happen like that. So, is this the one that the Lord showed me? I don't think so. 7.4 was the magnitude of this earthquake.
The one that I was shown was more toward land and the buildings were rocking so bad that it looked like everything was about to fall down.
Now, I haven't seen any buildings rocking. The prime minister, she went on.
She warned the people to go away from the water for tsunamis.
She's saying 7.5 now. I saw Mount Fuji, correct? Fuji completely lose its top.
I saw a major volcanic eruption coming off of Mount Fuji that killed literally hundreds of thousands if not millions of people.
But it happened suddenly. And that's I'm telling you all this is just the beginning of the Ring of Fire.
I've seen them happening all over the Ring of Fire. Major earthquakes coming. Well, this one happened.
Now, I don't know if they've had any aftershocks, but where I saw it was where the yellow is.
You see that map? Where I saw this was almost dividing that in half.
That little piece of land right there was broke right there.
And I saw catastrophic damage where the yellow was in that canal in that area, that little cove.
Yes, that's where it was, right in there. Well, this one happened right outside that.
But where I saw it was more in the middle and it was like a 9.0. It was huge.
This is 7.5. So, is it the beginning or was this it and I just missed it?
I don't know. As far as the magnitude goes, that is what I'm saying.
The earthquake happened right there. And so, that's why, you know, I'm seeing it in the spirit.
So, is that it? I don't know. I believe there's something else.
I truly do. It's the same one I told you. I saw one coming to Rome, Italy.
And I said it will shake as an 8.2 in Rome, Italy and it will actually shake the walls of the Vatican and it will split the walls and I saw such damage coming to the Vatican and the houses in Italy that it shook them to the ground and I saw rubble on top of people all over the place in Italy and I said this is a major event that's coming to Rome and it was right outside of it just like how come this like outside of it I saw it right outside, but I saw the Lord said, "Pay attention to the water, for there's an underwater volcano that's about to go off outside of Italy."And so, same kind of time frame, same thing that the Lord has showed us.
But I think it's interesting as we keep seeing these earthquakes coming and the Lord said shakings in the earth.
Five major shakings, a shaking in the earth, and they're happening. 7.5, that's pretty big.
So we'll continue to pray for the safety of the people and for Japan as the Ring of Fire is becoming active. So we see that. Anything else?
Third major leak in high court making the third major leak from the high court in the last four years which is really unheard of for the US Supreme Court.
So who leaked what? I don't know. They said they're leaking information from the Supreme Court.
It's not Fox News. Somebody's leaking information from the Supreme Court. We have a mole. You want to play it?
Quote, "Illuminate the origins of the court's now routine shadow docket rulings on presidential power."Joining us now in those not so secret memos Fox News legal editor Carrie Urbahn you know I was thinking the last big leak out of the Supreme Court was Dobbs and and that was four years ago now time flies and now this.
Where's this stuff coming from? And there was another one between Dobbs and this one and that one was on presidential immunity that was in 2024 I believe and it was a memo that detailed how the chief was going to handle the decision and within that same report and that was also from the New York Times it doesn't matter.
So basically somebody's running their mouth. They shouldn't be in very classified stuff, right?
The Lord told us there was moles. Our government, a house divided cannot stand.
And where the Lord said where there's strife, there's confusion in every evil work.
We see this confusion, there's strife, there's bickering. And the Lord said, "Pray for clarity.
We need to pray for President Trump's inner circle."So, well, that's what we're going to do now. So, how was that news update?
I hope it we tried not to keep it too long for you because I know it's getting late, but Braden, you did good, son.
Good job. You found a lot of good stuff. Where are we? What's going to happen in the next 48 hours?
Will Trump blow up all the bridges and send them back to the stone age? Will Iran be taken back to the stone age?
Will he take out the power grid or more importantly all the oil facilities?
Will Trump take all the oil facilities? Will he eliminate the island? Will they be taken back to the stones?
Will it go with the agenda that everybody will have to come and buy oil from America?
Will America become the oil capital of the world? Everybody bringing their boats over here.
It'll be like a big train of oil coming out of America. Drill, baby, drill.
Is that what we're about to see? I don't know. Pretty interesting, huh?
Maybe we will see America become the oil capital of the world and the Strait of Hormuz becoming obsolete because of Iran's oil facilities completely annihilated and Venezuela oil will be used by America and then Cuba is next.
I wonder if that's what's going to happen. Is Cuba next and then Greenland, using our mineral deals and things happening with Greenland in the days ahead?
Brazil is really ticked off about Cuba today, and Germany is having a real hard time with this today.
Cuba is the victim of a 70-year blockade. Well, they're about to be free and they're about to be commercialized.
I believe from what I saw that Cuba is about to join the 21st century.
They're fixing to have more industry than they can ever handle.
Those people are going to be so blessed. I saw it. The Lord has told us to believe for big. I was talking to somebody today.
I said it's time for the body of Christ to stop being mealy-mouthing around and thinking that the world is always a leader.
We should be the influencers. The body of Christ needs to get ready for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
I truly believe if we are listening to him in these last days for the new industrial revolution, all the things that are about to take place, that the body of Christ could be the forerunners of this if we're listening to him, but it's going to take us sitting at his feet.
I was driving around because I've had some major decisions that I've been having to make for the ministry and things like that.
Out of the pressure of trying to get the Lord to answer me on it, just sitting there fretting and stewing, I've got to have an answer.
I was praying in the spirit. I'm like, "Lord, you talk to me about all this stuff.
Why is this going on in my own personal life? What is it going to take for you to answer me?
I hear you so clear."But he started talking to me about taking the care out of my prayer.
He said, "Brandon, you're full of worry. You're concerned about these decisions.
You're concerned about the things you're petitioning me about, but you're bringing it to me with a heavy heart, worry, and anxiety over these major decisions about things that I've got to do in the days ahead."In doing all this, continually thinking about the ministry and the call that he's put on us to reach the nations, how we're going to do it, how do you become what he's said to us for the finances that it's going to take, all the things that he has commissioned me and said, "This is what I want done,"I bring it to him.
I'm like, "This is not my problem. I understand, but I still want to have wisdom concerning this and what you've asked me to do."Being a trailblazer, doing something that has never been done before in this generation—where are we with that?
How do we implement that? But in doing so, I take the pressure of it.
I know what you've told me, but I have to take the care out of my prayer.
After he instructed me today—and there were times I was pushing, I fasted all day long just pushing hard and I started feeling really not good because I hadn't eaten.
My calories were really low because I had been two days like that—I went and was listening to what he said, and he instructed me with that still small voice about all of the things that he's instructed me to do.
I was so tired of Disney World being the forerunners of things.
Why does the body of Christ have to settle for second? Why does Universal Studios have the best?
Why does Apple—as Tim Cook resigned today? Why did he resign? What's going on with Tim Cook?
Ten years plus working for Apple and then all of a sudden resigns today.
What's going on with Apple? Shiftings and shakings, things are happening.
But the Lord was showing me about the body of Christ becoming bigger.
And yet we want to take the land like David, we want to take the land like Joshua, and I'm going to be that victorious testosterone.
I'm going to grab a hold of the land. I'm not going to allow the devil to steal, kill, and destroy us.
We're going to take this land for Jesus, and we're going to be victorious.
Instead of being a limp, spineless Christian that is always like, "Well, we're just kind of just barely getting by."No, I'm taking the land. We're going to take the land for the Lord.
We're warriors for Christ like David and say, "Listen, who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he tries to defy the armies of the living God? Who is this uncircumcised giant?
I'm going to take his head."Versus sitting back and going, "Well, you know, even the dogs eat the crumbs from the master's table, Lord."I thought, "He prepares the table for me.
I'm not the dog trying to lap up the crumbs."But there's so much of the body of Christ that is so satisfied with the crumbs from the table when he said, "I prepare a table before you."You're not the dog underneath the table; you're the joint heir with Jesus Christ.
As he is, so are we in this world. And I thought, if you've prepared a table before me and I see that the uncircumcised Philistine has it all—the Disneys and the Universals and all these people—and they got the attraction...
I thought, what makes the best youth facility in the world? What makes stadiums full of people?
Why is it MMA and all these other things? I said, what makes us stand out? It's the saltiness. It's the anointing.
But even excellence, having a spirit of excellence behind what you do to represent him well. What sets us apart to be the leaders?
Why is it that Mark Zuckerberg can kick me off Facebook and I can't post on there anymore, but I see all these other people stealing my stuff now and posting my exact same thing?
My channel got too big. They didn't like the influence I had. So with the flip of a switch, they turned me off.
But all these other copycats are on there spreading my stuff around. It's the same material, but mine was getting too big.
75,000 people and they get intimidated by how many people follow versus the guy that has 5,000. They don't care about 5,000.
It's when you hit that certain number, they start getting freaked out about it going, "You have too much of a voice."It's interesting.
I just say personally, where is it that we stand out and create and be the people who have the satellites, who have the Elon Musk...
praying for Elon Musk and people like that that have the funding to back the gospel.
So why? So you can have a Ferrari? So you can have a house in the Hamptons? No. Let's get out of here.
Yeah, we have to have nice homes, you can have nice cars, but that's not the vision and the focus.
The focus is to be able to get this job done and get out of here.
I don't know how many others out there have had visions of heaven and seen the other side and seen angels.
There is nothing here on this earth that can compare to the glory of what Jesus has for us on the other side.
No wonder when people try to raise them from the dead, they don't come back. They're fighting with all their might.
They're grabbing a hold of the trees up there going, "No, I ain't going.""Come back in the name of Jesus."They're going, "No, please don't send me back."Seriously, because they've got a hold of the street signs.
They're holding on with all their might: "Please don't send me back to that earth."Any vision that I have or anything that I've ever had with the Lord, every moment I just don't want to move out of that spot.
For hours, I sit there and just stay quiet. Don't talk to me. I'm like, "Kids, do you feel it?
Jesus has been here.""Don't say nothing."And that's just earth.
But to have a glorious experience, do you realize to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord?
And that's what we're all striving for, to have that "Well done, thy good and faithful servant. Enter into my rest."You did it.
And when we get on the other side and we're there forever and we've been there 10,000 years, like "Amazing Grace,"how sweet the sound.
There will be a day when our expiration date comes, either by the graveside or when He comes back to get us.
I believe He's coming sooner than later. But if not and we go by the graveside, there is an expiration date to every single one of us.
Our time is coming. The clock is ticking. Where will you spend eternity?
There is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. And I tell you this every single time: Where will you spend eternity?
That's our main focus on this channel: to bring in the lost. I believe more than just one soul at a time; I'm believing for tens of thousands.
The Lord said here soon there'll be times when you give an altar call and there'll be tens of thousands of people come to me.
Stay the course. And I believe even tonight Jesus is pulling at your heartstrings as I talk.
There might be some of you that say, "Brandon, I want to be saved.
I want to come to Jesus."I'm just trying to tell you there's something so much more.
We have so many stupid petty differences as the body of Christ.
"Well, I believe in flat earth.""I don't believe in flat earth.""I believe in the rapture.""I don't believe in the rapture."But we can all agree on one thing, right?
That Jesus Christ died for us and paid the price for all of us to go to heaven with Him for eternity. I was once lost.
Every one of us, no matter if we agree on this one thing or don't agree on this thing, we all, if you're a believer, we all agree on this one thing: I was once lost, but now I'm found.
We can put away all our petty differences of, "Well, you know, you're charismatic; I'm Baptist."I don't care. I was once lost, but now I'm found.
"I believe in flat earth.""I don't believe there are planets.""I believe this.""I believe that."I don't care.
I know this one thing: I was once lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see.
He saved a wretch like me. And that's what makes us stick together like glue.
We're welded together in the spirit as one body because we all come to the table believing the very same thing: that Jesus Christ paid the price for our sins.
Some people believe in divine healing, some don't. I choose to; I've seen the fruit of it.
But at least we can all agree on that one thing: I was once lost, but now I'm found.
But there's many of you tonight that you can't say that because you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
I was once lost and now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. You've lived in compromise.
You've lived for the world. You're not doing right, and you know it.
And if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity? I'm telling you, I've seen the other side.
You may not believe me, and there's some of you that do, but I'm telling you out of the conviction of my heart, I'm telling you that heaven is a place, and it is real. And to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
But if you don't know where you'll spend eternity, the only way you'll know—unless a man is born again, unless a woman is born again—he will not enter into the kingdom of God.
You must confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior tonight.
You must accept Him and say, "I turn from my wicked ways. I accept Jesus to be my Lord and Savior.
I believe He is the Son of God."And if you believe that with all your heart, I believe you're saved. It doesn't have to be something religious.
The thief on the cross just said it, just that one little liner, and He said, "Today you'll be with me in paradise."It wasn't all religious, all big charade so everybody could see, "Oh, I'm a sinner."He just said one little thing out of his heart.
He didn't have to be baptized. "Hold on, we got to take you off the cross and get you baptized so you'll make it"—He didn't tell the thief on the cross that.
He just said it from his heart. He confessed with his mouth that He was Lord.
I believe tonight's your night. If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
Just like the thief on the cross, will you be with Him in paradise if you were to die tonight?
He died for you. He loves you. He has a plan for your life. But it's time for you to get real with God.
And you got to get real with yourself and say, "I need Jesus. I need a Savior. I can't do this.
I need Him."And the moment you make Him Lord of your life, He will change you from the inside out when you read His Bible and you pray and you seek Him daily.
I just wanted to be real. I want you to get real with God. But I'm being real with you about what I've seen.
And I know beyond a shadow of a doubt, the day I take my last breath on this earth, I'll be in heaven with Him forever.
I receive it by faith. Salvation, I receive it. I don't doubt it.
No matter how much I mess up, I believe I'm saved. I believe He washes me clean.
The moment I confess my sins, He is faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
And He'll do the same for you tonight. Brandon Biggs is nothing special.
He's just a person that was an ex-sinner that decided to follow Jesus.
And He said, "Brandon, will you help me?"And I said, "Yes."He'll do the same for you.
He gave me chance after chance. And honest to goodness, I didn't deserve any of it.
It was all by grace—Something you don't earn and something you don't deserve.
It was grace. And tonight, He wants you to just accept Him as your Lord and Savior.
I want you just to confess. Say this prayer after me. Confess with your mouth.
Believe in your heart. And I believe with all my heart you're saved the moment you do this.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Today I make you my Lord and personal Savior. Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins from this day forward.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on the sin that I was doing and I commit myself to you, Jesus.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of life. I'll serve you with all my heart.
I will serve you with all I have from this day forward. I dedicate my life to you. Thank you, Lord, that you have forgiven me.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, if I was to die tonight, I'll be with you in paradise forever.
Thank you for writing my name in that Lamb's book of life. I believe I'm saved. I believe I'm free in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen."I believe if you just said that simple prayer, I believe you got born again.
Now, what do you do? You find a Bible-believing church. Find one that would teach you the word of God.
Tell the pastor there, "Listen, I need to be water baptized.
I'd like to be water baptized."Get water baptized. Get plugged into that church.
Read your Bible every single day and pray. You may not have a Bible; you just got born again.
Well, if you don't have one, you can email us in the description down below and say, "Listen, I got born again watching your broadcast and I gave my heart to Jesus Christ."Tell us your address, your name, and how to send it to you, and my wife and I will send you a Bible for free just to tell you welcome to the family, welcome to the kingdom of God, to being a child of the Most High God.
We just want to tell you we love you and we're just congratulating you.
And so if you could just tell us in the comment section right now, say, "I just got saved tonight,"so the comment section can rejoice with you.
Say, 'Hey, I got born again. I gave my heart to Jesus Christ.'Tell us, because we want to know how many people got born again tonight and said that prayer.
We want you to know we love you and we're praying for you. If you could and you want to like, subscribe, be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come over here and pray with us every single day. We will lead everybody in what we believe the Lord has told us to pray for, and you know what?
The best is yet to come. We have a lot of work to do, so thank you for being here tonight.
All right, let's take communion. My son is taking numbers off the poll.
Forty-seven of you got born again tonight; there are forty people who rededicated or said the sinner's prayer tonight.
I'm so thankful for all forty-seven of you. Welcome to the family.
We love you, and we're so excited you're here. For all of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ, welcome home.
We're going to take communion now and then go pray for a little bit.
I don't even know what time it is; I don't have my phone on me. Father, we just thank you for the body.
We thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well by your stripes.
Thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against us would prosper as we just yield our time over to you.
We thank you, Lord, that we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus over me. I thank you, Lord, that I hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We thank you, Lord, that if there's anything you want to show us tonight, we are uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Regarding the decisions we make concerning this ministry, to do what you've called us to do, we thank you, Lord, that you help us to make them.
We take the care out of our prayer and we're led by your Spirit in Jesus'name.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
We thank you, Father, that you're bringing them in by the tens of thousands in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, that healing belongs to us. Thank you, Lord, that deliverance belongs to us.
We thank you, Lord, that we're walking in great victory in these last days, including every person on the other side of this camera.
I believe that you're having great victory in your jobs, in your households, in your marriages, with your children, and with your health.
This is a time of great victory in the name of Jesus in our lives.
We take this body in Jesus'name and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise, Father, for all that you did and all that you continue to do.
Amen. Lord, thank you for the blood. We apply the blood. We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
Father, we thank you that as we confessed our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
I plead the blood over us from the top of our heads. We take authority over hexes and vexes and all kinds of words that try to come against us.
They fall to our feet and they will not bear fruit in the name of Jesus.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it. We thank you, Lord. We forgive those that persecute us and come against us.
We thank you, Father, that as we forgive those that trespass against us, blessing is coming on us.
Blessing is on our households, our minds, our wills, and our emotions.
We thank you, Lord, that we're covered and there's a bloodline around all of us in Jesus'name.
Amen. Do you believe his blood never loses its power? Great is his faithfulness to you tonight.
Good days are ahead for the body of Christ. It's time for us to expect the unexpected in Jesus'name.
We take the blood. It's time to expect him to show up and show off in your life.
You've got to learn how to fight the good fight of faith. We know it's a fixed fight, a fight that we've already won.
Jesus Christ already paid the price for it. So the good fight of faith is knowing we already won.
We are resting in the finished work of Jesus Christ, which guarantees us victory.
Resting confidently in the finished work of Jesus Christ guarantees you victory.
I rest. I'm fully persuaded. I have the victory. We fight from a place of victory.
We're overcomers; we're more than overcomers. So, Father, right now, we yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
We yield to the anointing of the watchmen. We yield to what you've called us to do tonight. Father, I thank you, Lord.
If there's anything you want to show me concerning the nations and the signs of the times of the coming of your son, I thank you, Lord, that we are in the right place at the right time.
We are yielded to you and are being filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit tonight.
We thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer with thanksgiving. We let our requests be made known unto God.
Thank you, Jesus, that all the Boston Marathon runners were protected.
Thank you, Lord, that there were no explosions, no shootings, and nothing that came to any of them.
We're so grateful, Father, that you protected the Boston Marathon people. I'm so thankful that you had your hand in that.
Lord, there's a lot of other events coming, and this is a major one tomorrow and Wednesday.
Father, we lift up President Trump and the decisions he makes concerning Iran and the oil facilities.
There is a debate on which ones they think they can conquer to try to make their own without destroying them, ones they can utilize and make money off of.
Saudi Arabia is involved. Will they come to an agreement? Will they show up at the table on Tuesday or Wednesday?
We pray over JD Vance right now in the name of Jesus. We pray over Jared Kushner.
And I say this not to be derogatory, but the antichrist errand boy—no matter how much that sounds that way, I'm telling you, I see it around him.
Concerning the nations and these oil rigs, I even see one burning in Russia.
I see an oil rig burning in Russia. All these oil plants, I see them burning in Russia.
This is natural gas. I see natural gas facilities burning in Russia—the ones that supply Europe.
There is a major disruption in lines. I see Carney coming alongside Canada as a spark there.
China and Canada—and it will even involve Panama. Panama is lit up with turf wars.
I'm just taking the time to pray over every nation, going to them one by one to see which one is hot tonight.
I just went over Europe and Russia, and I see the oil and gas burning.
I'm bouncing from area to area looking for the hotspot where the Holy Spirit wants us.
I'm praying over Canada and China making major deals for gas and oil because of what's going on with Iran.
When I went to Iran, I'm still seeing major fires across the land. Is the internet connection okay?
I see a deal is really close to being reached because of these two stubborn people.
They don't want the infrastructure struck, but I see two stubborn people. Let us go down in there and get the enriched materials.
It is about going down in there, but they are trying to move it and hide it in different locations.
Then he hardened Pharaoh's heart. I see them coming to the table for an agreement.
I see them coming to the table, but he hardened Pharaoh's heart.
'Let my people go.'They were coming to an agreement and he hardened Pharaoh's heart.
Remember this: they want to come to an agreement and he hardened Pharaoh's heart.
It is a series of things in the spirit that I see concerning the hardening of the leader's heart.
You say, 'Well, why are these people acting crazy?'Because he hardened Pharaoh's heart.
It is about liberating because of what they have done to key facilities, key oil infrastructures, and key things.
It is about revival that is about to break out in Iran. He hardened Pharaoh's heart. You will remember that as all of them yell around.
I see Russia trying to say, 'Take the deal.'I see China and other people saying, 'Take this deal.'But he hardens Pharaoh's heart.
Do you remember how Emmanuel, when he used to say, 'Open the case,'could talk to the banker and has the deal?
'No deal.'That's it. 'No deal. You want the million-dollar case? No deal.'You would think, 'Take the deal!
You don't want to go through anymore, take the deal.'But they say, 'Open.'No, I don't want it.
The banker said, 'No.'He hardened Pharaoh's heart. I see these two men: one has a beard and it's gray, provoking with words.
You will see his mouth is a lot sharper. He is talking about JD Vance.
'We hold all the cards.'They said you will hear it more and more.
'We hold all the cards.'Pride is anchored. I see an anchor. We pray over the meeting.
We pray over Jerry and JD Vance, that those people will meet and have the meeting with these two people.
We pray over the hardening of the heart of the Pharaohs. It's one more round.
You will see it getting in position. They are looking. I see them getting in position, refilling.
They were empty, but now they are restocking with bigger equipment—restocking more deep bunkers with heavier stuff, like the ones used in Afghanistan, for a bigger penetration in the ground.
I see the one that was used in Afghanistan. It is the bigger stuff for deeper down in the ground at certain key facilities.
It's deep underneath the ground, but it's about oil. They don't want to be called for war crimes by the international community.
It is the MOAB, the 'Mother of All Bombs.'It is getting ready for another round.
They are positioning themselves to use bigger stuff for the underground. 'Can we get it under the ground if we use bigger stuff?
What if we drop bunches of this on top of it?'Big stuff, one after another, back to the Stone Age, making it radioactive so that you cannot use the site.
Making it radioactive so that they cannot use the site without being toxic and uninhabitable in that area.
Tactical—I hear the word 'tactical.'It is about the mountain.
Let's make it uninhabitable to make it impossible to go back in there, one after another, to make the mountain uninhabitable.
That's what they are arguing about. It will work. It makes it uninhabitable.
They will not let us in there; we will make it where they cannot go in there. They will be sick if they do.
This is what I am hearing: a different strategy, different thinking regarding bases underground.
I hear, 'Harden the Pharaoh's heart, uninhabitable.'It is about the mountain and strategic radiation.
Thank you, Lord. You give him wisdom on how to make the mountain uninhabitable and this other facility.
I see a facility deep down in the ground, and it's more of a desert structure.
They will not be able to hide all that is inside. We call for an uncovering in Jesus'name.
All nuclear capabilities and all weapons of mass destruction, we uncover them.
WMDs, even the ones that are chemicals, we call them all uncovered and exposed. Thank you, Lord.
We pray for our special forces—our Delta Force, Navy SEALs, Green Berets, and everyone fighting for us.
I pray, Father, a special protection over our Marines. No weapon formed against them shall prosper.
Father, I thank you that there will be no casualties, that you protect our sons and our daughters, and that angels are shielding them.
I hear what happened in the meeting that day. It's using technology that has never been used before, and Israel has something too.
We pray over President Trump and over all laptops, cell phones, and devices.
We pray for a firewall so thick that they will not be able to penetrate our nuclear facilities.
We call a firewall impenetrable to rise up in the name of Jesus over this nation, over our water and electric facilities, and the FBI.
I see Obama and I see moles. We pray over our infrastructure, our military, and our codes for top clearance.
I hear about hidden backdoors and Trojan horses. In the Far East, they are going to start to sing.
They are going to sing. When the East starts to sing, they are going to talk.
The Lord said they will 'sing'to tell on the road. They should know.
It is for Paris. Paris is involved with a base in NATO. To 'sing'means telling the police everything.
Don't snitch, don't rat—that's what it means. They are going to sing.
It is the moles. I cannot tell you who it is, but I know exactly who it is.
There is something very dark here and Paris is involved. Just pray for President Trump.
My goodness, we pray for him so much. Lord, we're going to get this man across this finish line.
Edward Snowden, and I see hidden backdoors in computers and in logging information.
There are things—remember, political theater. It's because he is Muslim.
And so when you see a Muslim going into distress, the one that bowed down to the other doesn't like it.
Same with Mamdani, the mayor in New York. It's a brotherhood. And it's because of the mobs.
It's because of what's about to take place: the hardening of Pharaoh's heart, retaliation for the hardening of Pharaoh's heart. The enemy within, the mole within.
Because with the enemy within, you can take it to a line, but once you cross the line with certain things and they feel they must cross the line because of the damsel in distress.
Does it make sense, son? The damsel in distress. I am praying for the mole to be uncovered. The Lord said, "Which one?"I see what you're saying.
When the Lord just spoke that specifically, I said, "Praying for the mole."He said, "Brandon, which one?"And he showed me a vast area and there were lights popping up; they were all over the East.
They popped up, and then they popped up in the West. There were lights.
And I said, "Which mole?"East. I said, "Praying for the mole,"and they came up.
You know how you see a mole coming up from the ground? They went all across the ground.
I could see it. And I went, that's why the Lord said, "Which one?"I see Pennsylvania, Kentucky.
That's all the Lord said. "Brandon, which one?"It's the heart of the deep state.
It's the heart of the far left. It's a stench. It's a hatred. Agenda 2030.
At this place, Lord, we're not looking at that. Lord, let's just have a cool revival and let's go home.
Let's have a fun revival, Lord. How do we get there? All this other stuff you show me, Lord, I say, let's just have a revival, Lord.
Just come back and get us. Let's just push this thing over into the tribulation.
Let's have revival, Lord. I know that's just me, but let's get a bunch of people saved and let's go home.
Pour out your spirit on us on a greater level and let's see this. Let's do this.
When I just saw what I saw on the map, that just to me, I go, "Lord, we're pushing against this massive boulder."Let's just have a revival and let's go home.
There's so much corruption in our government. There's so much darkness I'm seeing.
And that's why in the natural to the flesh, it looks overwhelming.
And that's why I say, "Let's just have revival, ladies and gentlemen, across this world.
Let it start with us and get these people saved and then the end will come."All the other stuff, I just go, "Whatever, man."I see the hardening of Pharaoh.
I'm looking at it again. My goodness. He said, "I showed you this before."I remember it.
I'm looking into the final days of the earth. I see like a red dust on this.
I see red. I see the sky is turning red. I can see smoke everywhere.
There's drought, great drought. The trees don't have leaves.
I can see the sun looks like it's burning; the sky is red. Is that volcanic dust?
Lord, why is it when I see that, it never stopped last time? What would cause the ozone to get messed up?
It's something... let's just have revival. Father, I ask you so much, Father.
Will you just come back and get us? Let's have revival. All this work and the pushing...
let's just bring them all in, Jesus. Bring in the lost. I know I'm not weary in well-doing, Lord, but I'm just so hungry to help you.
Let us, every single one that's here right now, if we could all just bring in a couple hundred people apiece, look what we could do just with the group that we have.
Bring several thousand in. Use us to do something huge. In the middle of the night, there's over a thousand people here.
And I just believe with all my heart with the group that we have here, Father, we can change this world.
Over six, seven, almost eight... just think of what we could do.
The Lord did so much with just 12, with seven. If every one of us just does our part, let's just get out of here.
Come, Lord Jesus, come. Come, Lord Maranatha. Come, Lord Jesus, come.
Come for your bride. Lord, get us right at your side. Wake up the church, Father.
Lord, come back for your bride. Lord, get us prepared. Whatever we need to do, Lord, we'll get it ready.
We'll bring the people in. Bring fire down on us like you did at Azusa Street.
When I looked at the corruption across this land, Lord, it looks so overwhelming in the natural.
But I know, Father, that you can change it all. Touch every single one of us, Father, with a double dose.
Let us take it into the places. Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's the goodness of God that draws man to repentance.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are your work. We are your army.
We're ready. We're praying right now. And we believe that you are going to do one last push.
Let's just get this thing going. Let's do this. Oh Father, come, Lord Jesus, come.
Come, Lord Jesus. Come Father, we thank you, Lord, that you're coming soon.
Shake this land one more time as I see Pharaoh's heart being hardened across Iran.
Shake Iran. Shake North Korea, Lord. Shake Kim. Shake Kim, Father.
Call great revival all throughout North Korea. Shake it, Father.
Shake revival all across North Korea. Thank you, Father, for revival across this land.
Bring in the lost. Bring in your vast harvest. Bring it in over Cuba, Argentina, Brazil, and Africa. And Father, I thank you.
And as we see great persecution and all the things that you've showed us, Lord, shake this nation in Jesus'name.
We call for a revival today. Shake our churches. Shake our pastors, our preachers, our prophets, our teachers, our evangelists.
Shake them, Father. Stir in their hearts today. We put angels all around us today.
Angels, aid, and assistance. Angels, aid, and assistance.
Angels, aid, and assistance. Thank you, Lord. Father, we occupy until He comes. We're not in retreat mode. We're in 'taking back'mode.
Even when I say there's more with us than there are with them—I shake it off—there are more with us than there are with them.
I believe, Father, come back and get us, Lord. But we're going victorious, right?
Lord said, "It's okay. I see what I saw."But He said, "There's more with you than there are with them.
I'm coming back for a victorious bride. Not one in retreat, not one that's in defeat, but a victorious bride.
It's not retreat. It's take the land and stand."He said it's not retreat. It's to stand. Stand, Brandon. See, when I see...
sometimes my flesh gets a little weary just like he did and He corrects me.
He said, "Brandon, be a leader."He corrects me. When I saw what I saw just a little bit ago, my flesh got a little...
I was just like, "My goodness,"because of what I saw. But then the Lord said, "There's more that is with you than there are with them.
Brandon, stand. I'm coming back for a glorious church. Be that glorious church. Be that pillar. Don't... just because I saw you.
You see it and you go, 'Oh, we're the size of grasshoppers.'Even my flesh sometimes says, 'We're the size of grasshoppers.'No, no, no.
The giants... there's more that are with us than there are with them.
He says, "Stand."See, even me, when you see the bombardment of what you see, He said, "There's more that is with us than there are with them."Stand.
You're not to retreat. You're to take the land. Okay? Even me, I get corrected.
Even in the middle of that, I see what I say: "Oh, God, come back and get us."And He's like...
you've got to have a backbone like a crowbar. I apologize for being weak for a minute because of what I saw there.
There are more with us; we are not the size of grasshoppers. That's what he said.
You have to stop that. As he showed it to me, my flesh was just...
you start acting like a baby. No flesh. Don't let what you just saw move you.
There are more with us than there are with them. I'm not moved by what I see.
We're victorious. We're going to be winners. We're not losers.
He lives on the inside of us, and we are more than conquerors.
I don't care how much darkness is around us or how many moles are in this nation, or what Obama's doing or what Hillary's doing or anybody.
I don't care what they're doing. There are more with us than there are with them.
And I say, Lord, bring the revival across this land, and we'll do it victoriously, not in retreat mode. Hold the fort.
As I see it, Iran is about to be shaken at a level that you've never seen anything be shaken in this generation. Iran is going to be shaken.
The Pharaoh's heart will be hardened and God is going to deliver the people from a leadership that is heckbent on killing, stealing, and destroying with nuclear weapons and doing things.
It's the nations around that—Pakistan. Pray for Pakistan.
Remember when I saw they'll start to beat their war drums in the days ahead?
I saw Pakistan trying to get involved and Turkey, remember?
But Pakistan was one with nuclear capabilities like Turkey, and it was serious what I was seeing about Pakistan.
So we continue to pray for President Trump and the decisions he makes.
We pray over his wife and his kids. We thank you, Lord, that his health is good.
Over Karoline Leavitt—I said Caroline Leaf last night. That's the lady that works on your brain; she's smart.
Leavitt, the lady who's the press secretary. Praying over her baby. Praying over her.
She has a long, full pregnancy and that she'll not cast her fruit before the time, that her baby's healthy, her ankles aren't swollen, everything's good with her.
Praying over her. She's going to be fine. Well, we prayed for her a lot last night and we continue to pray for her, Karoline Leavitt.
I said the wrong name; I called her Leaf. That's another lady.
So we keep praying for Karoline. She's going to be fine. We pray for Sweet Karoline.
That's what they call her, right? Remember that song, 'Sweet Caroline'?
So we're going to pray for that young woman and we're going to pray that she has a good delivery and everything's going to be okay with her.
I saw too much stress. So we'll continue to pray for President Trump and these meetings that are about to take place in the next couple of hours.
This is very serious, going back to the stone age. But it's about the next phase of going back to Cuba and the freedom over what's about to take place in this next phase.
But as we see our enemy within—praying for the enemy within. So, another pretty good video here.
I tried to keep it shorter for y'all, but we pray for your time and we're so thankful for how long you prayed with me tonight.
Over two hours. I try to keep it under two hours for you. And we'll pray again tomorrow.
Tomorrow's Wednesday, and we keep praying as a family interceding.
You pray for me as I pray for you for strength to keep going like this.
It's a lot. It's a lot of spiritual pressure for Brandon. I see a lot and there's a lot here.
So we're so thankful for what the Lord has done on this channel as we grow and go from glory to glory.
Have a wonderful day. Thank you for joining us. We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of His wonderful love. We are victorious. Remember that again. It's just flesh.
We have the victory and we stand boldly in these last days with our head held high, knowing that Jesus is coming and we have work to do still and we're going to get this job done.
And I'm telling you, the greatest revival is here. We're going to see it, and it's sooner than later, I believe.
So keep with us. We'll keep praying. We'll be here again. Love you all.
Have a wonderful night, wonderful day, wherever you are. And we'll see you again not too long from now. God bless you all.